This code is a personal portfolio webpage designed to showcase projects, skills, and provide contact information. Here's a breakdown of each part:

HTML Structure
Head Section: Contains metadata, links to stylesheets, and title:

<meta charset="UTF-8"> sets the character encoding to UTF-8.
<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"> ensures responsiveness.
<link rel="shortcut icon"> sets the favicon for the page.
Font Awesome library is included for icon usage.
External stylesheet styles.css is linked.

Body Section: Organizes the main content, including the navbar, sections, and footer.

Navbar (<header>)
The <header> includes a navbar for navigation and a hero section.

Logo: Links to the home section and displays an image.
Menu Links: Links to different sections of the page (Home, About, Skills, etc.).
Responsive Menu: Includes a checkbox and labels to toggle the mobile menu open and close using Font Awesome icons.
Hero Section
The hero section (id="section0") welcomes visitors and introduces the user:

Greeting: "Hi There, I'm Sk Asfar".
Social Media Links: Icons for LinkedIn, GitHub, Twitter, and Instagram.

Main Sections
1. About Section
Title: "About Me"
Image: Personal photo.
Content: Short introduction and a button linking to the resume.
2. Skills Section
Skills: Each skill has a card (.skill-div) with an image, title, and description.
Skills include C++, Python, Java, HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
3. Education Section
Title: "My Education"
Quote: "Education is not the learning of facts, but the training of the mind to think."
Education Cards: Display school and college information.
4. Projects Section
Title: "Project"
Projects: Each project has an image, title, and link to the GitHub repository.

Footer with Contact Form
Title: "Get in Touch"
Contact Form: Allows visitors to send a message.
Footer Text: Copyright text.


Features and Styling
Font Awesome Icons: Used for social media, navbar icons, and section titles.
Responsive Design: Includes <meta viewport> and CSS adjustments (assumed to be in styles.css) for mobile views.
Animations: Fade-in animations (fade-in-left, fade-in-right) are applied to sections.








